hi everyone so today I want to do a
summerhall and just show you a few
things that I had picked up a few
clothing items few swimwear items and
just a few like random beauty items so
I'm going to start off with the swim
stuff just because it's sitting right
here so i went to victoria's secret and
that's really where i'd love to get my
swimsuits because i love the way that
their suits are made and i love all the
really cute ones that they have on i
normally buy them online but these have
all been purchased in the actual store
so the first one that i have is the
cutest one in my opinion and it is this
i guess it would be kind of like a peach
color and it has all of this like kind
of on the dazzle mint i guess these are
like sequins and stuff and embroidery
and this style is one of my favorite
styles it's almost like a normal
triangle bikini top but it has a little
bit more coverage and it's a little bit
more like padded and thicker so you feel
like it's a little bit more on i guess
but i absolutely love the color of this
it's like a really pretty light peach
and then the bottoms that i have are
just the same thing they kind of how
like the Bruce like hip detail and it's
that same really pretty kind of likes at
me peachy color I'm going to insert a
photo of this because actually wore
today I think it's really cute on it's
very flattering cut so I'm gonna go
ahead and insert the photo
ok the next thing I got was other pair
of bottoms and this one I love this like
peachy orange color I think it looks so
pretty unlike its hand and in the summer
and stuff it has like these little kind
of dots polka dot like prints and then
kind of like a fading effect of all the
colors and I actually have a top that
would work perfectly with like this kind
of brighter neon more orange a pink
color I'm going to show that before it's
just like again the same kind of style
but it's in more of that color and then
the other things that i got from
victoria secrets i got these two pairs
of oops little shorts and i really think
these are super cute oh and i actually
also met two girls that watch my videos
today in victoria secret so we'll insert
their photo right now
so hi girls thanks so much for coming
out to me was really cool to medial and
things that i got from there I got these
are from like the love pink line or
whatever and they're just use green
little shorts like a cotton materially
inside like kind of like a specie
material these are so cute and I like to
just wear these to like or the pool like
over my swimsuit and stuff and then
again in my favorite color ever which is
like this peachy kind of corlee pillar
there's more in the true color of them
the lighting is weird it's making my
face look really like white right there
but I promised them all the same color
but anyways these are really cute i love
the color and these ones just say 86 and
these other ones day i think they say
like love pink you just love me so those
are cute very casual the next thing that
I got is this is from the store art & B
and it's like kind of a chain I'm pretty
sure but it's just really pretty like
blue turquoise and purple like tunic and
it has this beading and it's a little
bit flashy but I think it's really
pretty and I just love the colors of it
and the fit of it is really really
flattering and it kind of has these kind
of bailed out sleeves which are really
pretty and the material is like super
super thin so I could what you know I'm
planning on wearing this like out to
dinner or something with like some like
wedges and then you could also wear it
in the wintertime or like the fall time
with like some like skinny jeans and
maybe like some boots or some ballet
flats because it's a little bit short
but on Ferg you know the summertime and
as a dress it's fine but it almost is
probably more like a tunic length so you
could kind of put it over like some
skinny jeans and stuff and wear it more
into the fall especially because it kind
of has longer sleeves but again the
fabric is very thin so I really love
that I just think it's so pretty like it
just reminds me of like a very tropical
vacation with all the colors in the
pattern and the other thing is this
black little I guess it would be like a
bandage skirt and this is from forever
schnee 10 there's a little hair on it
and anyways thing about this is just
like ribs as you can see all the way
down just plain black whatever it's made
out of cotton so it's super stretchy and
nice it's a thick material though so it
like holds everything in and I think
these are so flattering in so versatile
I used to think they weren't but then
was going to this party the other night
and I had kind of like a flowy like gold
sequin e top and I did one of our genes
and I generally when we're short so I
was like what should I wear and I went
to I went in to furnish me one real
quick and I saw this and it's a perfect
thing especially if you have more of
like a full top because it kind of just
you know slums out the bottom and stuff
and I honestly think you could wear this
so many different ways and I really kind
of want to do a video on like I guess
would be like a pencil skirt kind of
like a bandage style skirt or something
let me know if you guys like a fashion
video on how to wear these because
literally I could do like a day to night
look a school look everything like I
think these are so versatile and they're
very flattering on all body shapes I
really think so I got this from for
everyone and I believe this was pretty
inexpensive like maybe twelve dollars i
think which is great so got that ok the
next thing that i purchased are these
little like wedges from nine west which
really is a shoe store that i don't
really go in that often but I one in the
other day because I was looking for
silver shoes for a dress that I had and
I think these are actually really cute
they have like kind of the detailing up
the front and then the little ankle
strap and stuff and I just think they're
really pretty and silver is a color that
I don't weigh very often but I kind of
like it and especially you know
metallics and stuff are always in for
summer so I thought these are kind of
cute and a little bit different and I
really don't have anything like kind of
silvery like that glittery and then as
far as makeup items just a few other
things that I have to show you first is
this golden bronzer by elf the studio
line and this says it's a sheer powder
it gives you an illuminating shimmer it
says it's ideal for summer in year round
and then the directions are blend four
colors to create a shimmering glow and
it says you can dust it all over your
face cheekbones cheeks around the face
so it's kind of more like a
multi-purpose like I guess um
multi-coloured bronzer and packaging is
very nice and sleek very similar to NARS
but the colors are so pretty and sorry I
don't mean to blind you but they're
really really pretty and I think this
would work on many different skin tones
and you could also use this as I shadow
because the colors are kind of a little
bit shimmery and really pretty and just
like flattering and the last makeup item
that I picked up was this Sally
Hanson this is in the color blue BL you
and this is her high definition nail
color and I think selling in San nail
polishes really it just works really
well this is kind of like a shimmery
duochrome e color hopefully you can kind
of see the duochrome in there but I
wanted to end with this because I wanted
to ask you I feel like I asked this in
every video but what should i paint my
nails because the last color had on was
like this some kind of like a mid-tone
like hot pink which is pretty like a
pretty safe color and I really want to
do like I've like um I I'm leaning
towards doing like a baby pain like a
really light milky pink but I think
that's a little bit boring so maybe i'll
go ahead and put this on for something
different i love this color for summer
because it's so fun and i just i love
the blue color but so that was my
summerhall thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you soon feel free to
leave a video response of your halls or
something you bought makeup clothes
whatever and I'll see you guys soon
right